Default buffer type to 'heap' for 9.0 (#16500)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings-file.asciidoc

| `pipeline.buffer.type`
| Determine where to allocate memory buffers, for plugins that leverage them.

> Currently defaults to `heap` but can be switched to `direct` to select direct memory space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defaults to `heap` but can be switched to `direct` to instruct Logstash to prefer allocation of buffers in direct memory.
```
